feat(curriculum): add binary search tree (#52371)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-tree-traversal-by-building-a-binary-search-tree/655a4614304cd36031cb4e75.md

---
id: 655a4614304cd36031cb4e75
title: Step 28
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-28
---

# --description--

> Assign the result of the `_delete` call to `self.root`.
> 
> This is done because the deletion operation might result in a new root (for example, if the node to be deleted is the current root).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deletion operation might result in a new root (for example, if the node to be deleted is the current root).

To handle this case, assign the result of the `_delete` call to `self.root`.
```
I would suggest inverting the order of the sentences to explain the context first and then how to implement it in code.
